'\" t
.\"
.\" Author: Vitaly Lipatov
.\"
.\" This file has been put into the public domain.
.\" You can do whatever you want with this file.
.\"
.TH EEPM 1 "August 2013" "Version 1.4"

.SH NAME
epm, epmi, epme, epms, epmq, epmcl, epmqa, epmqp, epmqf, epmqi, epmql, epmu \- wrapper for distro related package management system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eepm
.RI [ options ]...
.RI <command>...
.RI [package name(s), package file(s)]
.PP
.B eepm, upm
are equivalents to
.BR "epm" .
.br
.B epmi
is equivalent to
.BR "epm install" .
.br
.B epme
is equivalent to
.BR "epm remove" .
.br
.B epms
is equivalent to
.BR "epm search" .
.br
.B epmq
is equivalent to
.BR "epm query" .
.br
.B epmcl
is equivalent to
.BR "epm changelog" .
.br
.B epmqa
is equivalent to
.BR "epm packages" .
.br
.B epmqp
is equivalent to
.BR "epm query package" .
.br
.B epmqf
is equivalent to
.BR "epm query file" .
.br
.B epmqi
is equivalent to
.BR "epm info" .
.br
.B epmql
is equivalent to
.BR "epm filelist" .
.br
.B epmu
is equivalent to
.BR "epm update" .
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BI
With eepm you can do all package management jobs with the same set of commands on any operation system or distributive.
.BI
Eepm can be used manually, in shell scripts or other programs.

Please use epm --help to get detail command explain.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I -h 
Display help
.TP
.I -V
Show version and exit
.TP
.I -v
activate verbose output, mainly useful for debugging.
.TP
.I --force
force operation
.SH CONFIG
TODO: epm reads /etc/eepm/eepm.conf so you can leave your default options there.
.SH ENV
You can override used system package manager via FORCEPM environment variable.
autodetected PM: apt-rpm, apt-dpkg, urpm-rpm, pkgsrc, emerge, pacman, yum-rpm, slackpkg, zypper-rpm, conary, chocolatey, homebrew, opkg, guix, android, aptcyg, apk, tce, xbps
not autodetected PM: npackd, pkgng, deepsolver-rpm, packagekit

.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs to lav@etersoft.ru
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B any epm command
will return zero on success and non zero on operation failure.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR serv (1), erc (1)
.TP
.B http://wiki.etersoft.ru/eepm
EEPM wiki page
